What is the country or state for which Edmonton is the capital? The answer is: Alberta
What is the country or state for which Ankara is the capital? The answer is: Turkey
What is the country or state for which Amsterdam is the capital? The answer is: Netherlands
What is the country or state for which Baku is the capital? The answer is: Azerbaijan
What is the country or state for which Cairo is the capital? The answer is: Egypt
What is the country or state for which Copenhagen is the capital? The answer is: Denmark
What is the country or state for which Barcelona is the capital? The answer is: Catalonia
What is the country or state for which Buenos Aires is the capital? The answer is: Argentina
What is the country or state for which Munich is the capital? The answer is: Bavaria
What is the country or state for which Florence is the capital? The answer is: Tuscany
What is the country or state for which Rome is the capital? The answer is: Italy
What is the country or state for which Algiers is the capital? The answer is: Algeria
What is the country or state for which Tripoli is the capital? The answer is: Libya
What is the country or state for which Canberra is the capital? The answer is: Australia
What is the country or state for which Windhoek is the capital? The answer is: Namibia
What is the country or state for which Heraklion is the capital? The answer is: Crete
What is the country or state for which Baghdad is the capital? The answer is: Iraq
What is the country or state for which Edinburgh is the capital? The answer is: Scotland
What is the country or state for which Kabul is the capital? The answer is: Afghanistan
What is the country or state for which Bonn is the capital? The answer is: Germany
What is the country or state for which Berlin is the capital? The answer is: Germany
What is the country or state for which Porto-Novo is the capital? The answer is: Benin
What is the country or state for which Gaborone is the capital? The answer is: Botswana
What is the country or state for which Paris is the capital? The answer is: France
What is the country or state for which Mumbai is the capital? The answer is: Maharashtra
What is the country or state for which Oslo is the capital? The answer is: Norway
What is the country or state for which Jerusalem is the capital? The answer is: Judah
What is the country or state for which Bishkek is the capital? The answer is: Kyrgyzstan
What is the country or state for which Bucharest is the capital? The answer is: Romania
What is the country or state for which Melbourne is the capital? The answer is: Victoria
What is the country or state for which Beijing is the capital? The answer is: Taiwan
What is the country or state for which Chongqing is the capital? The answer is: Taiwan
What is the country or state for which Havana is the capital? The answer is: Cuba
What is the country or state for which Denver is the capital? The answer is: Colorado
What is the country or state for which Mogadishu is the capital? The answer is: Somalia
What is the country or state for which Cardiff is the capital? The answer is: Wales
What is the country or state for which Dublin is the capital? The answer is: Ireland
What is the country or state for which Tunis is the capital? The answer is: Tunisia
What is the country or state for which Rio de Janeiro is the capital? The answer is: Brazil
What is the country or state for which Valletta is the capital? The answer is: Malta
What is the country or state for which London is the capital? The answer is: England
What is the country or state for which Rabat is the capital? The answer is: Morocco
What is the country or state for which Riga is the capital? The answer is: Latvia
What is the country or state for which Damascus is the capital? The answer is: Syria
What is the country or state for which Dar es Salaam is the capital? The answer is: Tanzania
What is the country or state for which London is the capital? The answer is: Kingdom of England
What is the country or state for which Stockholm is the capital? The answer is: Sweden
What is the country or state for which Helsinki is the capital? The answer is: Finland
What is the country or state for which Prague is the capital? The answer is: Bohemia
What is the country or state for which Indianapolis is the capital? The answer is: Indiana
What is the country or state for which Madrid is the capital? The answer is: Spain
What is the country or state for which Guatemala City is the capital? The answer is: Guatemala
What is the country or state for which Warsaw is the capital? The answer is: Poland
What is the country or state for which Guangzhou is the capital? The answer is: Guangdong
What is the country or state for which Dresden is the capital? The answer is: Saxony
What is the country or state for which Port-au-Prince is the capital? The answer is: Haiti
What is the country or state for which Athens is the capital? The answer is: Greece
What is the country or state for which Hobart is the capital? The answer is: Tasmania
What is the country or state for which Tallinn is the capital? The answer is: Estonia
What is the country or state for which Tokyo is the capital? The answer is: Japan
What is the country or state for which Vienna is the capital? The answer is: Austria
What is the country or state for which Ljubljana is the capital? The answer is: Slovenia
What is the country or state for which Jerusalem is the capital? The answer is: Israel
What is the country or state for which Jakarta is the capital? The answer is: Indonesia
What is the country or state for which Turin is the capital? The answer is: Piedmont
What is the country or state for which Nairobi is the capital? The answer is: Kenya
What is the country or state for which Kuala Lumpur is the capital? The answer is: Malaysia
What is the country or state for which Islamabad is the capital? The answer is: Pakistan
What is the country or state for which Kathmandu is the capital? The answer is: Nepal
What is the country or state for which Khartoum is the capital? The answer is: Sudan
What is the country or state for which Vilnius is the capital? The answer is: Lithuania
What is the country or state for which Beirut is the capital? The answer is: Lebanon
What is the country or state for which Lisbon is the capital? The answer is: Portugal
What is the country or state for which Luanda is the capital? The answer is: Angola
What is the country or state for which Moscow is the capital? The answer is: Russia
What is the country or state for which Winnipeg is the capital? The answer is: Manitoba
What is the country or state for which Lilongwe is the capital? The answer is: Malawi
What is the country or state for which Mexico City is the capital? The answer is: Mexico
What is the country or state for which Maputo is the capital? The answer is: Mozambique
What is the country or state for which Boston is the capital? The answer is: Massachusetts
What is the country or state for which Ottawa is the capital? The answer is: Canada
What is the country or state for which Montevideo is the capital? The answer is: Uruguay
What is the country or state for which Manama is the capital? The answer is: Bahrain
What is the country or state for which Bengaluru is the capital? The answer is: Karnataka
What is the country or state for which Budapest is the capital? The answer is: Hungary
What is the country or state for which Tegucigalpa is the capital? The answer is: Honduras
What is the country or state for which Gandhinagar is the capital? The answer is: Gujarat
What is the country or state for which Podgorica is the capital? The answer is: Montenegro
What is the country or state for which Toronto is the capital? The answer is: Ontario
What is the country or state for which Panama City is the capital? The answer is: Panama
What is the country or state for which Dakar is the capital? The answer is: Senegal
What is the country or state for which Lagos is the capital? The answer is: Nigeria
What is the country or state for which Bangkok is the capital? The answer is: Thailand
What is the country or state for which Santiago is the capital? The answer is: Chile
What is the country or state for which New Delhi is the capital? The answer is: India
What is the country or state for which Belgrade is the capital? The answer is: Serbia
What is the country or state for which Cagliari is the capital? The answer is: Sardinia
What is the country or state for which Caracas is the capital? The answer is: Venezuela
What is the country or state for which Nicosia is the capital? The answer is: Cyprus
What is the country or state for which Kiev is the capital? The answer is: Ukraine
What is the country or state for which Taipei is the capital? The answer is: Taiwan
What is the country or state for which Abuja is the capital? The answer is: Nigeria
What is the country or state for which Sofia is the capital? The answer is: Bulgaria
What is the country or state for which Salt Lake City is the capital? The answer is: Utah
What is the country or state for which Palermo is the capital? The answer is: Sicily
What is the country or state for which Tehran is the capital? The answer is: Iran
What is the country or state for which Quebec City is the capital? The answer is: Quebec
What is the country or state for which Prague is the capital? The answer is: Czechoslovakia
What is the country or state for which Dhaka is the capital? The answer is: Bangladesh
What is the country or state for which Brisbane is the capital? The answer is: Queensland
What is the country or state for which Harare is the capital? The answer is: Zimbabwe
What is the country or state for which Aix-en-Provence is the capital? The answer is: Provence
What is the country or state for which Monrovia is the capital? The answer is: Liberia
What is the country or state for which Bern is the capital? The answer is: Switzerland
What is the country or state for which Addis Ababa is the capital? The answer is: Ethiopia
What is the country or state for which Zagreb is the capital? The answer is: Croatia
What is the country or state for which Phnom Penh is the capital? The answer is: Cambodia
What is the country or state for which Dushanbe is the capital? The answer is: Tajikistan
What is the country or state for which Lansing is the capital? The answer is: Michigan
What is the country or state for which Kuching is the capital? The answer is: Sarawak
What is the country or state for which Manila is the capital? The answer is: Philippines
What is the country or state for which Westminster is the capital? The answer is: Kingdom of England
What is the country or state for which Quito is the capital? The answer is: Ecuador
What is the country or state for which Leicester is the capital? The answer is: Leicestershire
What is the country or state for which Kunming is the capital? The answer is: Yunnan
What is the country or state for which Managua is the capital? The answer is: Nicaragua
What is the country or state for which Sucre is the capital? The answer is: Bolivia
What is the country or state for which Honolulu is the capital? The answer is: Hawaii
What is the country or state for which Vientiane is the capital? The answer is: Laos
What is the country or state for which Chengdu is the capital? The answer is: Sichuan
What is the country or state for which Zaragoza is the capital? The answer is: Aragon
What is the country or state for which Oxford is the capital? The answer is: Oxfordshire
What is the country or state for which Chandigarh is the capital? The answer is: Haryana
What is the country or state for which Niamey is the capital? The answer is: Niger
What is the country or state for which Doha is the capital? The answer is: Qatar
What is the country or state for which Harare is the capital? The answer is: Rhodesia
What is the country or state for which Apia is the capital? The answer is: Samoa
What is the country or state for which Bratislava is the capital? The answer is: Slovakia
What is the country or state for which Kota Kinabalu is the capital? The answer is: Sabah
What is the country or state for which Tashkent is the capital? The answer is: Uzbekistan
What is the country or state for which Dodoma is the capital? The answer is: Tanzania
What is the country or state for which Tirana is the capital? The answer is: Albania
What is the country or state for which Kampala is the capital? The answer is: Uganda
What is the country or state for which Hanoi is the capital? The answer is: Vietnam
What is the country or state for which Aden is the capital? The answer is: Yemen
What is the country or state for which Lusaka is the capital? The answer is: Zambia
What is the country or state for which Yerevan is the capital? The answer is: Armenia
What is the country or state for which Kuwait City is the capital? The answer is: Kuwait
What is the country or state for which Port Louis is the capital? The answer is: Mauritius
What is the country or state for which Accra is the capital? The answer is: Ghana
What is the country or state for which Jaipur is the capital? The answer is: Rajasthan
What is the country or state for which Minsk is the capital? The answer is: Belarus
What is the country or state for which Des Moines is the capital? The answer is: Iowa
What is the country or state for which Patna is the capital? The answer is: Bihar
What is the country or state for which Baton Rouge is the capital? The answer is: Louisiana
What is the country or state for which Yogyakarta is the capital? The answer is: Indonesia
What is the country or state for which Nur-Sultan is the capital? The answer is: Kazakhstan
What is the country or state for which Wiesbaden is the capital? The answer is: Hesse
What is the country or state for which Dijon is the capital? The answer is: Burgundy
What is the country or state for which Rouen is the capital? The answer is: Normandy
What is the country or state for which Oklahoma City is the capital? The answer is: Oklahoma
What is the country or state for which Little Rock is the capital? The answer is: Arkansas
What is the country or state for which N'Djamena is the capital? The answer is: Chad
What is the country or state for which Amman is the capital? The answer is: Jordan
What is the country or state for which Thiruvananthapuram is the capital? The answer is: Kerala
What is the country or state for which Bridgetown is the capital? The answer is: Barbados
What is the country or state for which Dubai is the capital? The answer is: Emirates of Dubai
What is the country or state for which Potsdam is the capital? The answer is: Brandenburg
What is the country or state for which Antananarivo is the capital? The answer is: Madagascar
What is the country or state for which Bamako is the capital? The answer is: Mali
What is the country or state for which Annapolis is the capital? The answer is: Maryland
What is the country or state for which Hyderabad is the capital? The answer is: Telangana
What is the country or state for which Chandigarh is the capital? The answer is: Punjab
What is the country or state for which Bourg-en-Bresse is the capital? The answer is: Ain
What is the country or state for which Suva is the capital? The answer is: Fiji
What is the country or state for which Harrisburg is the capital? The answer is: Pennsylvania
What is the country or state for which Sana'a is the capital? The answer is: Yemen
What is the country or state for which Panjim is the capital? The answer is: Goa
What is the country or state for which Bandar Seri Begawan is the capital? The answer is: Brunei
What is the country or state for which Cheyenne is the capital? The answer is: Wyoming
What is the country or state for which Pamplona is the capital? The answer is: Navarre
What is the country or state for which Libreville is the capital? The answer is: Gabon
What is the country or state for which Pristina is the capital? The answer is: Kosovo
What is the country or state for which Nuuk is the capital? The answer is: Greenland
What is the country or state for which Winchester is the capital? The answer is: Kingdom of England
What is the country or state for which Belgrade is the capital? The answer is: Yugoslavia
What is the country or state for which Hartford is the capital? The answer is: Connecticut
What is the country or state for which Lima is the capital? The answer is: Peru
What is the country or state for which Conakry is the capital? The answer is: Guinea
What is the country or state for which Juneau is the capital? The answer is: Alaska
What is the country or state for which Belmopan is the capital? The answer is: Belize
What is the country or state for which Sacramento is the capital? The answer is: California
What is the country or state for which City of London is the capital? The answer is: Kingdom of England
What is the country or state for which Kigali is the capital? The answer is: Rwanda
What is the country or state for which Brussels is the capital? The answer is: Belgium
What is the country or state for which Thimphu is the capital? The answer is: Bhutan
What is the country or state for which Nauplion is the capital? The answer is: Greece
What is the country or state for which Alba Iulia is the capital? The answer is: Alba
What is the country or state for which Boise is the capital? The answer is: Idaho
What is the country or state for which Nashville is the capital? The answer is: Tennessee
What is the country or state for which Arlon is the capital? The answer is: Luxembourg
What is the country or state for which Salzburg is the capital? The answer is: Salzburg
What is the country or state for which Austin is the capital? The answer is: Texas
What is the country or state for which Saint Paul is the capital? The answer is: Minnesota
What is the country or state for which Muscat is the capital? The answer is: Oman
What is the country or state for which Tallahassee is the capital? The answer is: Florida
What is the country or state for which Tbilisi is the capital? The answer is: Georgia
What is the country or state for which Brussels is the capital? The answer is: Flanders
What is the country or state for which Hebron is the capital? The answer is: Judah
What is the country or state for which Lille is the capital? The answer is: Nord
What is the country or state for which Topeka is the capital? The answer is: Kansas
What is the country or state for which Santiago de Compostela is the capital? The answer is: Galicia
Which continent is Turkey located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Namibia located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Australian Antarctic Territory located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Kochi located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Germany located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Cieszyn located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Soviet Union located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Yorkshire located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Pitcairn Islands located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Armenia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Hanoi located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Tallinn located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is North Brabant located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Tagus river located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Saudi Arabia located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Australia located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Eritrea located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Toulouse located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is South Korea located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is The Hague located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Denmark located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is United Kingdom located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is British Empire located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is South Asia located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Bulgaria located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Pechora River located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Kiribati located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Eiger located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Czechoslovakia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Austria located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Greece located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Wales located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Indonesia located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Vietnam located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is European Union located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Yugoslavia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Wallis and Futuna located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Kingdom of Mercia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Transantarctic Mountains located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Tbilisi located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Bern located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Paris located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Khabarovsk located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is New Delhi located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Azerbaijan located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Tiber located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Slovenia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Irtysh river located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Chandigarh located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Despotate of Epirus located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is England located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Metropolitan France located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Comoros located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is East Francia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Kingdom of the Netherlands located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Marshall Islands located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Daman and Diu located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Lesotho located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Loire located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Mayotte located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Federated States of Micronesia located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is North Holland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is North Macedonia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Liberia located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Elbe located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Vanuatu located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Craiova located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Himachal Pradesh located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Cook Islands located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Antarctic Plate located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Hong Kong located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Saint Petersburg located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Tajikistan located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Kalahari Desert located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Turkmenistan located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Ancient Greece located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Moscow located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Goa located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Thailand located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Euphrates located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Scheldt located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Scotland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Kingdom of Burgundy located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Kanchenjunga located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Slovakia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Cameroon located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Rubicon located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Austria-Hungary located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Lake Vostok located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Equatorial Guinea located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Spain located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Nigeria located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Eswatini located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Vinson Massif located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Seychelles located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Niger located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Portugal located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Niue located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Irish Free State located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Tisza located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Bosnia and Herzegovina located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Middle East located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Abbasid Caliphate located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Palau located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Melilla located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Montenegro located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Manipur located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Wellington located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Djibouti located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Benin located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Iran located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Grossglockner located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Gibraltar located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Mont Blanc located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Ireland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Kuwait located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Thimphu located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Yangtze located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Kazakhstan located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Kingdom of Saxony located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Irrawaddy River located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Laos located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Switzerland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Gdynia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Dniester located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Pune located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Rajkot located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Kryvyi Rih located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Inn located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Tashkent located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Daugava River located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Jammu and Kashmir located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Malaysia located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Uttar Pradesh located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Warta located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Tamil Nadu located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Lebanon located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Burundi located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Thiruvananthapuram located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Dutch Republic located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Qatar located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Afghanistan located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is English Channel located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Primorsky Krai located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is United Arab Emirates located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Lake Baikal located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Aconcagua located in? The answer is: Americas
Which continent is Basel located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Alexander Island located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Ojos del Salado located in? The answer is: Americas
Which continent is Moldova located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Macquarie Island located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Mumbai located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Catalonia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Madagascar located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Neva located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Central African Republic located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Egypt located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Alsace-Lorraine located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Angola located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Middle East located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is British Empire located in? The answer is: Americas
Which continent is Athens located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Tigris located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Cambodia located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Volga Bulgaria located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Mali located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Vantaa located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Chukotka Autonomous Okrug located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Guinea-Bissau located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Finland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Wallonia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Morocco located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Maharashtra located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Nile located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is history of Europe located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Damavand located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Umayyad Caliphate located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Katowice located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Rhine located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Gelderland located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Mauritius located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Eastern Bloc located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Auckland located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Viking Age located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Niger River located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Western Asia located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Tokelau located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Bihar located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Estonia located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is French Southern and Antarctic Lands located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Sudan located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Principality of Sealand located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Antarctic Treaty System located in? The answer is: Antarctica
Which continent is Nepal located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Juan de Nova Island located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is United States of America located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Japan located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Mozambique located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Shimla located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Helsinki located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is San Marino located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Shenzhen located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Congo Free State located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Arab League located in? The answer is: Asia
Which continent is Vistula located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Douro River located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is South Africa located in? The answer is: Africa
Which continent is Fiji located in? The answer is: Oceania
Which continent is Guadalquivir located in? The answer is: Europe
Which continent is Somalia located in? The answer is: Africa
Which country is Boris Spassky a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Ada Yonath a citizen of? The answer is: Israel
Which country is Lionel Messi a citizen of? The answer is: Argentina
Which country is Charles II of Spain a citizen of? The answer is: Spain
Which country is Adriano Celentano a citizen of? The answer is: Italy
Which country is Georgi Parvanov a citizen of? The answer is: Bulgaria
Which country is Dilma Rousseff a citizen of? The answer is: Brazil
Which country is Ronaldo a citizen of? The answer is: Brazil
Which country is Trajan a citizen of? The answer is: Spain
Which country is Ronaldinho a citizen of? The answer is: Brazil
Which country is Scott Morrison a citizen of? The answer is: Australia
Which country is Ho Chi Minh a citizen of? The answer is: Vietnam
Which country is Alain Robert a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Ferdinand de Saussure a citizen of? The answer is: Switzerland
Which country is Auguste Rodin a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Friedrich Bessel a citizen of? The answer is: Germany
Which country is Johann Wolfgang von Goethe a citizen of? The answer is: Frankfurt am Main
Which country is Massimo D'Alema a citizen of? The answer is: Italy
Which country is Rudolf Hess a citizen of? The answer is: Germany
Which country is Henry V of England a citizen of? The answer is: Kingdom of England
Which country is Michel Houellebecq a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Masaccio a citizen of? The answer is: Italy
Which country is France Gall a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Rafael Alberti a citizen of? The answer is: Spain
Which country is Bernardo Houssay a citizen of? The answer is: Argentina
Which country is Kiichi Miyazawa a citizen of? The answer is: Japan
Which country is Oscar I of Sweden a citizen of? The answer is: Sweden
Which country is Carl Bosch a citizen of? The answer is: Germany
Which country is Jiddu Krishnamurti a citizen of? The answer is: India
Which country is Elizabeth I of England a citizen of? The answer is: Kingdom of England
Which country is Emmanuelle Seigner a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Grzegorz Lato a citizen of? The answer is: Poland
Which country is Kurt Waldheim a citizen of? The answer is: Austria
Which country is Margaret Atwood a citizen of? The answer is: Canada
Which country is Enzo Ferrari a citizen of? The answer is: Italy
Which country is Bourvil a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Wolfgang Pauli a citizen of? The answer is: Austria
Which country is Charles VI of France a citizen of? The answer is: France
Which country is Michel Aoun a citizen of? The answer is: Lebanon
Which country is Magnus Carlsen a citizen of? The answer is: Norway
Which country is Henryk Sienkiewicz a citizen of? The answer is: Poland
Which country is Arthur, Prince of Wales a citizen of? The answer is: Kingdom of England
Which country is James VII and II a citizen of? The answer is: Kingdom of England
Which country is Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani a citizen of? The answer is: Qatar
Which country is Francisco Goya a citizen of? The answer is: Spain
Which country is Jalal Talabani a citizen of? The answer is: Kurdistan
Which country is Floriano Peixoto a citizen of? The answer is: Brazil
Which country is Antonis Samaras a citizen of? The answer is: Greece
Which country is Beppe Grillo a citizen of? The answer is: Italy
Which country is Frederick IX of Denmark a citizen of? The answer is: Denmark
Which country is Michael Fassbender a citizen of? The answer is: Ireland
Which country is Alexandra of Denmark a citizen of? The answer is: Denmark
Which country is Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla a citizen of? The answer is: Spain
Which country is Edmund Husserl a citizen of? The answer is: Germany
Which country is Lise Meitner a citizen of? The answer is: Sweden
Which country is Albert II of Belgium a citizen of? The answer is: Belgium
Which country is Mahavira a citizen of? The answer is: India
Which country is Svante August Arrhenius a citizen of? The answer is: Sweden
Which country is Mario Monti a citizen of? The answer is: Italy
Which country is Pierre Janssen a citizen of? The answer is: France
Where is the headquarters of Paris Saint-Germain F.C.? The answer is: Paris
Where is the headquarters of University of Florence? The answer is: Florence
Where is the headquarters of Nazi Party? The answer is: Munich
Where is the headquarters of Union for the Mediterranean? The answer is: Barcelona
Where is the headquarters of Interpol? The answer is: Lyon
Where is the headquarters of Democratic Progressive Party? The answer is: Taipei
Where is the headquarters of EMI? The answer is: London
Where is the headquarters of A.S. Nancy-Lorraine? The answer is: Nancy
Where is the headquarters of SoundCloud? The answer is: Berlin
Where is the headquarters of Cadillac? The answer is: Detroit
Where is the headquarters of Polydor Records? The answer is: London
Where is the headquarters of Nintendo? The answer is: Kyoto
Where is the headquarters of University of Cambridge? The answer is: Cambridge
Where is the headquarters of Germanwings? The answer is: Cologne
Where is the headquarters of University of Washington? The answer is: Seattle
Where is the headquarters of Ericsson? The answer is: Stockholm
Where is the headquarters of Brentford F.C.? The answer is: London
Where is the headquarters of People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan? The answer is: Kabul
Where is the headquarters of Samsung? The answer is: Seoul
Where is the headquarters of Beijing Guoan F.C.? The answer is: Beijing
Where is the headquarters of Comintern? The answer is: Moscow
Where is the headquarters of Guinness World Records? The answer is: London
Where is the headquarters of FIDE? The answer is: Athens
Where is the headquarters of Rolex? The answer is: Geneva
Where is the headquarters of Assyrian Church of the East? The answer is: Chicago
Where is the headquarters of University of Paris? The answer is: Paris
Where is the headquarters of International Tennis Federation? The answer is: London
Where is the headquarters of Deutsche Welle? The answer is: Bonn
Where is the headquarters of Sheffield Wednesday F.C.? The answer is: Sheffield
Where is the headquarters of World Trade Organization? The answer is: Geneva
Where is the headquarters of RB Leipzig? The answer is: Leipzig
Where is the headquarters of United States Soccer Federation? The answer is: Chicago
Where is the headquarters of BP? The answer is: London
Where is the headquarters of Lenovo? The answer is: Beijing
Where is the headquarters of Toyota? The answer is: Toyota
Where is the headquarters of French Academy of Sciences? The answer is: Paris
Where is the headquarters of German Football Association? The answer is: Frankfurt am Main
Where is the headquarters of Karolinska Institute? The answer is: Stockholm
Where is the headquarters of Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution? The answer is: Tehran
Where is the headquarters of Sciences Po? The answer is: Paris
Where is the headquarters of FC Dynamo Kyiv? The answer is: Kiev
Where is the headquarters of F.K. Sarajevo? The answer is: Sarajevo
Where is the headquarters of European Space Agency? The answer is: Paris
Where is the headquarters of Brown University? The answer is: Providence
Where is the headquarters of University of Geneva? The answer is: Geneva
Where is the headquarters of Dominican Order? The answer is: Rome
Where is the headquarters of WWE? The answer is: Stamford
Where is the headquarters of McGill University? The answer is: Montreal
Where is the headquarters of Caribbean Community Secretariat? The answer is: Georgetown
Where is the headquarters of Lexus? The answer is: Nagoya
Where is the headquarters of Sheffield United F.C.? The answer is: Sheffield
What instrument does Nat King Cole play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Jimmy Page play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Neil Young play? The answer is: harmonica
What instrument does Aretha Franklin play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Leonard Bernstein play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Eric Clapton play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Emmanuel Chabrier play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Serge Gainsbourg play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Edvard Grieg play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Itzhak Perlman play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does George Martin play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Bob Dylan play? The answer is: harmonica
What instrument does Mike Shinoda play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Jared Leto play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart play? The answer is: viola
What instrument does Philip Glass play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Giuseppe Tartini play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Francis Poulenc play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Brad Delson play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Lady Gaga play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Elvis Presley play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Johann Strauss I play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Leonard Cohen play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does George Gershwin play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Ernest Chausson play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Céline Dion play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Bruce Springsteen play? The answer is: harmonica
What instrument does Carl Czerny play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Antonio Vivaldi play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Jimi Hendrix play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Paul Hindemith play? The answer is: viola
What instrument does John Coltrane play? The answer is: clarinet
What instrument does George Enescu play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Paul McCartney play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Tomaso Albinoni play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Robert Schumann play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Arthur Rubinstein play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Thelonious Monk play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Mike Shinoda play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Eric Clapton play? The answer is: guitar
What instrument does Franz Liszt play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Stevie Wonder play? The answer is: harmonica
What instrument does Jared Leto play? The answer is: violin
What instrument does Johannes Brahms play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Ray Charles play? The answer is: piano
What instrument does Brian May play? The answer is: guitar
What is the original language of The Hunchback of Notre Dame? The answer is: French
What is the original language of The Lion King? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Intouchables? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Adventure Time? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Burnt by the Sun? The answer is: Russian
What is the original language of The Pianist? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Count of Monte Cristo? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Slumdog Millionaire? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Nature? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Godfather? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Ghostbusters? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Three Musketeers? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Dutch Wikipedia? The answer is: Dutch
What is the original language of Charlie Hebdo? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Pulp Fiction? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of The Fast and the Furious? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Magic Flute? The answer is: German
What is the original language of iCarly? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Great Soviet Encyclopedia? The answer is: Russian
What is the original language of Puss in Boots? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Finnish Wikipedia? The answer is: Finnish
What is the original language of Tom and Jerry? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Jungle Book? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Greek Wikipedia? The answer is: Greek
What is the original language of Meddle? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Git? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Aeneid? The answer is: Latin
What is the original language of Russian Wikipedia? The answer is: Russian
What is the original language of Star Trek Into Darkness? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Charlie Hebdo? The answer is: French
What is the original language of The Washington Post? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Playboy? The answer is: English
What is the original language of New Horizons? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Aida? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Science? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Silver Linings Playbook? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Newsweek? The answer is: English
What is the original language of First Blood? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Little Prince? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Siri? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Danish Wikipedia? The answer is: Danish
What is the original language of Le Monde? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Le Figaro? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Czech Wikipedia? The answer is: Czech
What is the original language of The Guardian? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Croatian Wikipedia? The answer is: Croatian
What is the original language of Treaty of Utrecht? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Pulp Fiction? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Wilhelmus? The answer is: Dutch
What is the original language of Swedish Wikipedia? The answer is: Swedish
What is the original language of Polish Wikipedia? The answer is: Polish
What is the original language of Estonian Wikipedia? The answer is: Estonian
What is the original language of Abbey Road? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Catalan Wikipedia? The answer is: Catalan
What is the original language of Vietnamese Wikipedia? The answer is: Vietnamese
What is the original language of The Magic Flute? The answer is: German
What is the original language of Korean Wikipedia? The answer is: Korean
What is the original language of Pinterest? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Oliver Twist? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Pride and Prejudice? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Time? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Great Gatsby? The answer is: English
What is the original language of LibreOffice? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Pinterest? The answer is: Spanish
What is the original language of Amar Sonar Bangla? The answer is: Bengali
What is the original language of LibreOffice? The answer is: Finnish
What is the original language of German Wikipedia? The answer is: German
What is the original language of Treaty of Versailles? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Eugene Onegin? The answer is: Russian
What is the original language of Ukrainian Wikipedia? The answer is: Ukrainian
What is the original language of 1984? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Terminator Genisys? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Nature? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Decameron? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Pinterest? The answer is: Finnish
What is the original language of The Economist? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Du gamla, du fria? The answer is: Swedish
What is the original language of The Adventures of Pinocchio? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Moby-Dick? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Pinterest? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of The Marriage of Figaro? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Maastricht Treaty? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Please Please Me? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Bulgarian Wikipedia? The answer is: Bulgarian
What is the original language of The Pirate Bay? The answer is: Spanish
What is the original language of Turkish Wikipedia? The answer is: Turkish
What is the original language of Hungarian Wikipedia? The answer is: Hungarian
What is the original language of Anna Karenina? The answer is: Russian
What is the original language of Serbian Wikipedia? The answer is: Serbian
What is the original language of Italian Wikipedia? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Spanish Wikipedia? The answer is: Spanish
What is the original language of Finnish Wikipedia? The answer is: Finnish
What is the original language of Simple English Wikipedia? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Inglourious Basterds? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Pinterest? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Alexander? The answer is: English
What is the original language of The Imitation Game? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Don Giovanni? The answer is: Italian
What is the original language of Off the Wall? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Internet Archive? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Bohemian Rhapsody? The answer is: English
What is the original language of French Wikipedia? The answer is: French
What is the original language of Los Angeles Times? The answer is: English
What is the original language of Apache HTTP Server? The answer is: English
What is the original language of RIA Novosti? The answer is: Russian
What language did Charles Bronson use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did William James use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Erna Solberg use to communicate? The Answer is: Norwegian
What language did Ephraim Katzir use to communicate? The Answer is: Hebrew
What language did Park Chan-wook use to communicate? The Answer is: Korean
What language did Nathaniel Hawthorne use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did James Earl Jones use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Thor Heyerdahl use to communicate? The Answer is: Norwegian
What language did Jason Statham use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Mary Wollstonecraft use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Frida Kahlo use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Jeanne Moreau use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Nadia Boulanger use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Victoria Silvstedt use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Alfred Russel Wallace use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Ramesses II use to communicate? The Answer is: Egyptian
What language did Christoph Willibald von Gluck use to communicate? The Answer is: German
What language did Abraham de Moivre use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Ehud Barak use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Yakov Sverdlov use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did Marcus Licinius Crassus use to communicate? The Answer is: Latin
What language did Jean-Jacques Annaud use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Virgil use to communicate? The Answer is: Latin
What language did Mother Teresa use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Steve Biko use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Christiaan Huygens use to communicate? The Answer is: Latin
What language did Claude Henri de Rouvroy, comte de Saint-Simon use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did George Michael use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Giuseppe Peano use to communicate? The Answer is: Italian
What language did Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands use to communicate? The Answer is: Dutch
What language did Tristan Tzara use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Richard Arkwright use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Pep Guardiola use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Imre Nagy use to communicate? The Answer is: Hungarian
What language did Willem Einthoven use to communicate? The Answer is: Dutch
What language did Margrethe II of Denmark use to communicate? The Answer is: Swedish
What language did Satyendra Nath Bose use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Ernest Shackleton use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Salvador Allende use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Nikolai Leskov use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy use to communicate? The Answer is: Italian
What language did George Enescu use to communicate? The Answer is: Romanian
What language did Gloria Estefan use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Michael Moore use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Pierre Beaumarchais use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Benedetto Croce use to communicate? The Answer is: Italian
What language did Ravi Shankar use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Sam Mendes use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Ivan Bunin use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did Abulhassan Banisadr use to communicate? The Answer is: Persian
What language did Anggun use to communicate? The Answer is: Indonesian
What language did Clark Gable use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Jacques Lacan use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did James Garner use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Manuel Valls use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Abbas Kiarostami use to communicate? The Answer is: Persian
What language did Oliver Cromwell use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Augusto Pinochet use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Francis Poulenc use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Jules Massenet use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Carlos Marchena use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did L. L. Zamenhof use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Muhammad Ali use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Anna Magnani use to communicate? The Answer is: Italian
What language did ABBA use to communicate? The Answer is: Swedish
What language did Jesus Christ use to communicate? The Answer is: Hebrew
What language did Giuseppe Tornatore use to communicate? The Answer is: Italian
What language did Gwen Stefani use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Tacitus use to communicate? The Answer is: Latin
What language did Alanis Morissette use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Wojciech Jaruzelski use to communicate? The Answer is: Polish
What language did Kylie Minogue use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Carlos Fuentes use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Dwight D. Eisenhower use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Thomas Piketty use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Aleksey Brusilov use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did Lev Kamenev use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did John Updike use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Anne Parillaud use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Philip V of Spain use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did Emmanuelle Seigner use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Ernest Rutherford use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Eugene O'Neill use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Jennifer Hudson use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Henry Kissinger use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Pius X use to communicate? The Answer is: Latin
What language did Uzeyir Hajibeyov use to communicate? The Answer is: Azerbaijani
What language did Thomas Hobbes use to communicate? The Answer is: Latin
What language did Zhu Xi use to communicate? The Answer is: Chinese
What language did Gad Elmaleh use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Albert Riera use to communicate? The Answer is: Spanish
What language did August Strindberg use to communicate? The Answer is: Swedish
What language did Kristin Scott Thomas use to communicate? The Answer is: French
What language did Thomas Hardy use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Walter Cronkite use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Moshe ben Maimon use to communicate? The Answer is: Hebrew
What language did Johan Cruyff use to communicate? The Answer is: Dutch
What language did Gao Xingjian use to communicate? The Answer is: Chinese
What language did Mikhail Khodorkovsky use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did Jean Sibelius use to communicate? The Answer is: Finnish
What language did L. L. Zamenhof use to communicate? The Answer is: Russian
What language did Freeman Dyson use to communicate? The Answer is: English
What language did Albert Camus use to communicate? The Answer is: French
Which company manufactures Enzo Ferrari? The answer is: Ferrari
Which company manufactures Windows 2000? The answer is: Microsoft
Which company manufactures Airbus A330? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures Honda Civic? The answer is: Honda
Which company manufactures Ferrari 458? The answer is: Ferrari
Which company manufactures Boeing 777? The answer is: Boeing
Which company manufactures Windows 7? The answer is: Microsoft
Which company manufactures Nintendo 3DS? The answer is: Nintendo
Which company manufactures Honda Accord? The answer is: Honda
Which company manufactures iPhone? The answer is: Apple Inc.
Which company manufactures Intel 8008? The answer is: Intel
Which company manufactures Toyota Camry? The answer is: Toyota
Which company manufactures Airbus A380? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures iPhone 4S? The answer is: Apple Inc.
Which company manufactures Nintendo DS? The answer is: Nintendo
Which company manufactures B-17 Flying Fortress? The answer is: Boeing
Which company manufactures Apple I? The answer is: Apple Inc.
Which company manufactures Xbox? The answer is: Microsoft
Which company manufactures Toyota Corolla? The answer is: Toyota
Which company manufactures iPhone 3GS? The answer is: Apple Inc.
Which company manufactures iPod? The answer is: Apple Inc.
Which company manufactures BMW X3? The answer is: BMW
Which company manufactures Nintendo Entertainment System? The answer is: Nintendo
Which company manufactures iPad? The answer is: Apple Inc.
Which company manufactures A300? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures LaFerrari? The answer is: Ferrari
Which company manufactures Game Boy Advance? The answer is: Nintendo
Which company manufactures A320 family? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures Windows Vista? The answer is: Microsoft
Which company manufactures angel? The answer is: God
Which company manufactures Super Nintendo Entertainment System? The answer is: Nintendo
Which company manufactures Airbus A350? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures A310? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures Airbus A340? The answer is: Airbus basic
Which company manufactures Wii U? The answer is: Nintendo
What is the native language of Russians? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Sophie Marceau? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Lionel Jospin? The answer is: French
What is the native language of William Henry Harrison? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Alain Delon? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Michel de Montaigne? The answer is: Latin
What is the native language of Yevgeny Yevtushenko? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of John Paul II? The answer is: Polish
What is the native language of Nikolai Bukharin? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Lionel Messi? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of Franz Kafka? The answer is: German
What is the native language of Anatole France? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jean-Paul Sartre? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Seamus Heaney? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Alexander Pushkin? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Andy Murray? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Claude Henri de Rouvroy, comte de Saint-Simon? The answer is: French
What is the native language of John Calvin? The answer is: French
What is the native language of William-Adolphe Bouguereau? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jean Reno? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Audrey Tautou? The answer is: French
What is the native language of J. Robert Oppenheimer? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Gwen Stefani? The answer is: English
What is the native language of David Beckham? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Blaise Pascal? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jenson Button? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Jean Giraudoux? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Pierre Bayle? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Gennady Zyuganov? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Olivier Messiaen? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Miguel de Cervantes? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of Woodrow Wilson? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Anna Kournikova? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Isabelle Caro? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Tina Turner? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Rainer Maria Rilke? The answer is: German
What is the native language of Lev Landau? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Alex Ferguson? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Edward Bulwer-Lytton? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Joseph Bonaparte? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Boris Vian? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jean-Marie Le Pen? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Novak Djokovic? The answer is: Serbian
What is the native language of Irina Shayk? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of John Dalton? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Theodore Roosevelt? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Julie Delpy? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Manuel Valls? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of George Sand? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Fanny Ardant? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Leo Tolstoy? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Al Gore? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Edsger W. Dijkstra? The answer is: Dutch
What is the native language of Pierre Bourdieu? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Vitruvius? The answer is: Latin
What is the native language of Johnny Hallyday? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Shakira? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of Joseph Brodsky? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Alberto Giacometti? The answer is: Italian
What is the native language of Marie Curie? The answer is: Polish
What is the native language of Marguerite Yourcenar? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Hans Christian Andersen? The answer is: Danish
What is the native language of Swedes? The answer is: Swedish
What is the native language of Christian Clavier? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Andrew Jackson? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Georges Pompidou? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jean-Baptiste Say? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Gad Elmaleh? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Louis Aragon? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Nadezhda Krupskaya? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Claude Simon? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Felix Dzerzhinsky? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Paul Doumer? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Beatrix of the Netherlands? The answer is: Dutch
What is the native language of Vladimir Mayakovsky? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Luc Besson? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Mario Vargas Llosa? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of John Quincy Adams? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Bertrand Russell? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Akira Kurosawa? The answer is: Japanese
What is the native language of Sully Prudhomme? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Frantz Fanon? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Virginia Woolf? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Catherine Deneuve? The answer is: French
What is the native language of John Stuart Mill? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Laurent Fabius? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Pablo Picasso? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of Alphonse Daudet? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Alexandre Dumas fils? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Brian May? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Rafael Alberti? The answer is: Spanish
What is the native language of Nikolay Nekrasov? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Zachary Taylor? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Adam Sandler? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Vera Lynn? The answer is: English
What is the native language of James A. Garfield? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Jean Anouilh? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Brigitte Bardot? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff? The answer is: Dutch
What is the native language of Leslie Caron? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jan Peter Balkenende? The answer is: Dutch
What is the native language of Giovanni Boccaccio? The answer is: Italian
What is the native language of Sergey Lavrov? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Peter Kropotkin? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Jean de La Fontaine? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Patrice Leconte? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Dmitry Medvedev? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Hendrik Lorentz? The answer is: Dutch
What is the native language of Mikhail Khodorkovsky? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Ovid? The answer is: Latin
What is the native language of Vladimir Putin? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Gustave Flaubert? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jean-Paul Belmondo? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Marc Chagall? The answer is: Russian
What is the native language of Claude Bernard? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Virginie Ledoyen? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Douglas Adams? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Ehud Olmert? The answer is: Hebrew
What is the native language of Charles Perrault? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Marcel Marceau? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Virgil? The answer is: Latin
What is the native language of Jeanne Moreau? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Jean Dujardin? The answer is: French
What is the native language of Emmanuel Macron? The answer is: French
What is the native language of A. P. J. Abdul Kalam? The answer is: Tamil
What is the native language of Barack Obama? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Basshunter? The answer is: Swedish
What is the native language of William Butler Yeats? The answer is: English
What is the native language of Arthur Conan Doyle? The answer is: English
In which city was Charles II of Spain born? The answer is: Madrid
In which city was David Coulthard born? The answer is: Scotland
In which city was Christina Rossetti born? The answer is: London
In which city was Kenny Rogers born? The answer is: Houston
In which city was Husayn ibn Ali born? The answer is: Medina
In which city was William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin born? The answer is: Belfast
In which city was Alfred Adler born? The answer is: Vienna
In which city was Chus Lampreave born? The answer is: Madrid
In which city was Sergey Lavrov born? The answer is: Moscow
In which city was Konrad Lorenz born? The answer is: Vienna
In which city was Lou Reed born? The answer is: Brooklyn
In which city was Leo V the Armenian born? The answer is: Armenia
In which city was Marco Delvecchio born? The answer is: Milan
In which city was Carl Orff born? The answer is: Munich
In which city was Pliny the Elder born? The answer is: Como
In which city was Frederick William II of Prussia born? The answer is: Berlin
In which city was Boniface III born? The answer is: Rome
In which city was Claudio Abbado born? The answer is: Milan
In which city was Enrico Caruso born? The answer is: Naples
In which city was Mehmed VI born? The answer is: Istanbul
In which city was Dennis Farina born? The answer is: Chicago
In which city was Mark Strong born? The answer is: London
In which city was Edward I of England born? The answer is: Westminster
In which city was The Weeknd born? The answer is: Toronto
In which city was Larry King born? The answer is: Brooklyn
In which city was Arthur Harden born? The answer is: Manchester
In which city was Marquis de Sade born? The answer is: Paris
In which city was Zhang Ziyi born? The answer is: Beijing
In which city was Konrad Adenauer born? The answer is: Cologne
In which city was Ferdinand de Saussure born? The answer is: Geneva
In which city was Vasili III of Russia born? The answer is: Moscow
In which city was Georges Duhamel born? The answer is: Paris
In which city was Aisha born? The answer is: Mecca
In which city was Peter I of Serbia born? The answer is: Belgrade
In which city was Bing Crosby born? The answer is: Tacoma
Where did Michelangelo die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Coco Chanel die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Clement XIV die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Umar ibn Al-Khattāb die? The answer is: Medina
Where did Clement III die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Balbinus die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Hrant Dink die? The answer is: Istanbul
Where did Nikephoros III Botaneiates die? The answer is: Constantinople
Where did Johann Pachelbel die? The answer is: Nuremberg
Where did Vaslav Nijinsky die? The answer is: London
Where did Leo X die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Donatello die? The answer is: Florence
Where did Chiang Ching-kuo die? The answer is: Taipei
Where did Robert Hooke die? The answer is: London
Where did Rosa Parks die? The answer is: Detroit
Where did John VIII Palaiologos die? The answer is: Constantinople
Where did John Dee die? The answer is: Surrey
Where did Fernandel die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Michael II die? The answer is: Constantinople
Where did Karl Liebknecht die? The answer is: Berlin
Where did Richard Wagner die? The answer is: Venice
Where did Antisthenes die? The answer is: Athens
Where did Max Ernst die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Martin Buber die? The answer is: Jerusalem
Where did Joseph Goebbels die? The answer is: Berlin
Where did Montesquieu die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Nicholas V die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Charlotte Corday die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Mohammed Zahir Shah die? The answer is: Kabul
Where did Innocent XI die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Gordian II die? The answer is: Carthage
Where did Mstislav Rostropovich die? The answer is: Moscow
Where did Pius III die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Abd al-Karim Qasim die? The answer is: Baghdad
Where did Gregory XVI die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Aram Khachaturian die? The answer is: Moscow
Where did Heinrich von Kleist die? The answer is: Berlin
Where did Abdul Hamid I die? The answer is: Constantinople
Where did Alexander VIII die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Johann Christian Bach die? The answer is: London
Where did Samuel Johnson die? The answer is: London
Where did Jacques Cousteau die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Sofia Kovalevskaya die? The answer is: Stockholm
Where did Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel die? The answer is: Berlin
Where did Sandro Botticelli die? The answer is: Florence
Where did Samuel Taylor Coleridge die? The answer is: London
Where did Ibn Khaldun die? The answer is: Cairo
Where did Henry IV of England die? The answer is: London
Where did Tomaso Albinoni die? The answer is: Venice
Where did Paavo Nurmi die? The answer is: Helsinki
Where did Clement I die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Louis XVII of France die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Kisho Kurokawa die? The answer is: Tokyo
Where did Maximilien Robespierre die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Giorgione die? The answer is: Venice
Where did Peter I of Serbia die? The answer is: Belgrade
Where did L. L. Zamenhof die? The answer is: Warsaw
Where did Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt die? The answer is: Cairo
Where did Clement XII die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Irenaeus die? The answer is: Lyon
Where did Jacques Derrida die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Charles IV of Spain die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Ralph Vaughan Williams die? The answer is: London
Where did Andrei Gromyko die? The answer is: Moscow
Where did Ulrika Eleonora, Queen of Sweden die? The answer is: Stockholm
Where did Otis Redding die? The answer is: Madison
Where did Henri Rousseau die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Muawiyah I die? The answer is: Damascus
Where did Louis Aragon die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Baibars die? The answer is: Damascus
Where did Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg die? The answer is: Berlin
Where did Donato Bramante die? The answer is: Rome
Where did Francisco Franco die? The answer is: Madrid
Where did Claude Bernard die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Gamal Abdel Nasser die? The answer is: Cairo
Where did Yakov Sverdlov die? The answer is: Moscow
Where did Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran die? The answer is: Paris
Where did Tycho Brahe die? The answer is: Prague
Where did Edward Heath die? The answer is: Salisbury
Which religion is Gautama Buddha affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Augustine of Hippo affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Albanians affiliated with? The answer is: Muslim
Which religion is Bede affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Constantine the Great affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Jacob affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is bishop affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Honorius III affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Gregory IX affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Afghanistan affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Jesus Christ affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Iraqi affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Ibn Battuta affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Muhammad affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Muslim affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Moshe ben Maimon affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Malcolm X affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Uzbeks affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is synagogue affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Mehmed IV affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Abraham affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Averroes affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Ibn Khaldun affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is David affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Suleiman the Magnificent affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Iraqi affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Rumi affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Al-Ghazali affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Umayyad Caliphate affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Stephen I of Hungary affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Charlemagne affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Seventh-day Adventist Church affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Vladimir the Great affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Church of the Holy Sepulchre affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Muawiyah I affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Clovis I affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Tang Empire affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Umar ibn Al-Khattāb affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Muhammad Iqbal affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Omar Bongo affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Nicholas V affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Ruhollah Khomeini affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Boniface VIII affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Aisha affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Nagarjuna affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Husayn ibn Ali affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Brahman affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Saladin affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Catholic Church affiliated with? The answer is: Catholicism
Which religion is Theodor Herzl affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Khmer Empire affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Ibn Saud affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Hosni Mubarak affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Sylvester I affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Michael Bloomberg affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Dokka Umarov affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Muhammad Ali Pasha affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Richard I of England affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Uthman ibn Affan affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Ali Khamenei affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Tom Cruise affiliated with? The answer is: Ciencias
Which religion is Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Hamid Karzai affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Albert Schweitzer affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Sukarno affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Suharto affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Ice Cube affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Carlos the Jackal affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is al-Maʾmun affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Fatimah affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Mohammad Ali Jinnah affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is South Vietnam affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Abdul Hamid II affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Alevism affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Aung San Suu Kyi affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Harun al-Rashid affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Isaiah affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Abu Bakr affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Gupta Empire affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Akbar affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Imam affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Louis XIV of France affiliated with? The answer is: Catholicism
Which religion is Pentecost affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Lord's Prayer affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Skanderbeg affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Tokugawa Shogunate affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Henry III of France affiliated with? The answer is: Catholicism
Which religion is Mohammed Omar affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Charles V of France affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Maurya Empire affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Ramakrishna affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Xuanzang affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Osman I affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Matthew the Apostle affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Mehmed the Conqueror affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Hannah Arendt affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is John Travolta affiliated with? The answer is: Ciencias
Which religion is Romulus Augustus affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Joseph Priestley affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Skanderbeg affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Hafez affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Jean-Jacques Rousseau affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Alfred the Great affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Zheng He affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Eid al-Fitr affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Jawaharlal Nehru affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Shah Jahan affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Almoravid dynasty affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Mongolian People's Republic affiliated with? The answer is: Buddhism
Which religion is Sweyn I of Denmark affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan affiliated with? The answer is: Hinduism
Which religion is Taj Mahal affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Mohamed Morsi affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Ahmed I affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Franz Kafka affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Edward I of England affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
Which religion is Marilyn Monroe affiliated with? The answer is: Judaism
Which religion is Babur affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Selim I affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Pervez Musharraf affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Anwar Sadat affiliated with? The answer is: Islam
Which religion is Leo IX affiliated with? The answer is: Christianity
